Terms & Conditions

The Terms of Use shall be applicable to all the users using this application. Happytimesoft grants you the right to access and download materials, including but not limited to the software, files, images or press releases, from the Site solely for your individual and non-commercial use on the condition that you retain the copyright and other proprietary notices attached to the original materials or any copies of the materials. Any use of the download for public distributions, commercial ends or other purposes of any types on other website, networked computer environment or plane media is prohibited. All editions of the materials on the site are copyrighted. Any unauthorized use of any materials, web-page layout and design may violate the copyright law, trademark law or other relevant laws. With regard to any behavior of violating the provisions, Happytimesoft shall have right to take legal and fair remedies.

1. Disclaimer
With regard to the materials and information covered on the website, including but not limited to texts, images, points of view, reviews, web pages or links, Happytimesoft gives no guarantee of the accuracy, completeness, sufficiency and reliability of such materials and contents in spite of its attempts to provide accurate materials and information on the Site. Any materials downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of the Site is done at your own discretion and risk and you are solely responsible for any infection of your computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any such materials or use of the Site. Happytimesoft definitely disclaims any responsibility of mistakes or omission of the content on the Site and any explicit or implicit warranty for the materials and information, including but not limited to the guarantees related to ownership, non-infringement of a third party's rights, quality, and having no computer virus.Happytimesoft may make changes to the contents of the website at any time without any notification, please visit the Site to access the up-to-date information.

2. Use of Software
Any software that is available to download or use from this Site ("Software") is the copyrighted work of Happytimesoft. Use of the software is subject to the terms and conditions of the license agreement, which accompanies or is included in the package of the software or other applicable license agreements signed by and between you and Happytimesoft ("License Agreement"). You must read and accept all the terms and conditions of such License Agreement before you use the software. Any use, reproduction or distribution of the software that is not in accordance with the License Agreement is implicitly prohibited.
The software is warranted, if at all, only according to the terms and conditions of the license agreement. Except as warranted in the license agreement, Happytimesoft disclaims all warranties and conditions with regard to the software, including all implied warranties and conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title or non-infringement.

3.Reproductions
Any authorized reproductions of any of the information contained herein must include copyright notices, trademarks or other proprietary legends of Happytimesoft, on any copy of the materials made by you. The local laws govern the license for the Software and use of this website.

4. Feedback
Any comments or materials sent to Happytimesoft, including without limitation feedback, such as questions, comments, suggestions or any related information regarding the Software, this website or any other products, programs or services of Happytimesoft ("Feedback"), shall be deemed to be non-confidential. Happytimesoft shall have no obligation of any kind with respect to such Feedback and shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose, exhibit, display, transform, create derivative works and distribute the Feedback to others without limitation and shall be free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in such Feedback for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to developing, manufacturing and marketing products incorporating such Feedback.

5. Copyright Statement
All the materials, products and services covered on the Site shall be protected by the Copyright Law. Happytimesoft owns all copyrights unless otherwise stated. Without prior written permission of Happytimesoft, any content on the Site shall not be copied, distributed, photocopied, played, linked or transmitted with super-links or used for any other commercial purpose by any person in any means, unless otherwise downloaded or printed for non-commercial and individual use.
All logos, trademarks, page headers, images, splash screen and graphics displayed on this Site are service marks, and/or trade dress of Happytimesoft. Except as explicitly permitted herein, any of the mark is not permitted to be circulated in any form or by any means by any individual or any entity.


6. General
Happytimesoft may revise these Terms at any time without further notification and you should visit this page from time to time to review the latest Terms because the Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and Happytimesoft and are binding on your use of this Site, superseding any prior agreements between you and Happytimesoft relating to your use of this Site. If any provision of the Terms is held invalid by any law, rule, order or regulation of any government, such invalidity shall not affect the enforceability of any other provisions of the Terms. By accessing to this Site you agree to defend, indemnify and hold Happytimesoft, its affiliates and their officers, directors, agents and employees harmless from and against any and all claims, losses, damages, liabilities, costs and expenses, including attorneys' fees, arising from or related to your user content, use of the Site, or violation of any of the Terms.

7. Contact Information
If you have any questions regarding these Terms of Use or other questions please contact Happytimesoft at the Support page on the Site.

